#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
faiss-cpu==1.9.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.4
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.2.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow==3.23.2
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.58.1
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.0
    # via langchain-community
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
